##ARTICLE IV##

##Officers##

1\. Designation of Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be the
President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer, and they shall have
authority to carry out the duties prescribed in these bylaws. One person
may hold more than one office, except no person may hold the office of
President and Secretary. The Board of Directors may appoint by
resolution any number of other officers deemed necessary to conduct the
business and affairs of the corporation. The Board of Directors may
rename the position held by any officer.

2\. Election and Term. Officers of the Corporation shall be elected by
the voting representative members at the annual meeting or a special
meeting. Officers shall serve for one year or until their replacements
have been duly qualified and elected, or until that officer's death, or
until the officer shall resign, or until the officer shall have been
removed in the manner hereinafter provided.

3\. Qualifications. Any member in good standing shall be qualified to
serve as an officer of the corporation. To serve as an officer, an
individual shall be willing to make every effort to participate in all
meetings, and shall have a desire to pay it forward with what they have,
know, or have access to.

4\. Removal. At any regular or special meeting, any officer may be
removed by majority vote of a quorum of the Board of Directors for
failure to carry out the duties of the office as prescribed by these
bylaws, conduct detrimental to the Corporation, or for lack of sympathy
with the stated purpose of the Corporation. Any officer proposed to be
removed is entitled to five (5) business days notice of the meeting at
which the removal shall be considered and may address the Board of
Directors at such meeting but should remove themselves from the meeting
until after the vote.

5\. Compensation. Officers of the Corporation shall receive no
compensation for their service as officers. However, nothing in these
Bylaws shall be construed to preclude any Officer from serving the
organization in any other capacity and receiving compensation for
services rendered.

6\. Vacancy. An Officer may resign by giving written notice to any member
of the Board of Directors. Vacancies, in any office for any reason,
shall be filled a special election.

7\. Duties of Offices. The duties of all current officer positions shall
be maintained in a separate document which will be publicly available
and updated by the secretary.
