##ARTICLE III##

##Membership##

1\. Member Qualifications. Membership is available to anyone. In order to
be a member, a person must support the purpose and specific goals of the
organization and abide by the Mobile Makers Code of Conduct as detailed
in Article X. Failure to abide by these guidelines may result in
cancellation of membership.

It is suggested that anyone interested in becoming a member should first
attend events and meetings as a visitor and find an existing member to
sponsor them. Potential members may join during an official meeting. The
sponsors of the new member are to help them integrate into the group.
Membership requires registration, which includes contact information.

2\. Membership dues. The amount, payment period, due date, and acceptable
methods for collecting dues shall be reviewed each year at the annual
Board of Directors meeting and set by a quorum of the directors. The
Board may accept pledges that are not monetary, such as maintaining
property, advertising the organization, and volunteering to lead
programs.

3\. Membership Rights. Any member whose dues are paid in full, is not on
probation, is not a visitor, and who has not resigned, been suspended or
has not been expelled shall be considered a member in good standing.
Only members in good standing shall be entitled to the rights and
privileges of full membership. Members in good standing shall be
entitled to one vote in all elections and special voting events as
determined by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly provided in or
authorized by the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or provisions
of law, all membership in good standing shall have the same rights,
privileges, restrictions and conditions.

4\. Indemnification. Members shall not be personally liable for debts,
liabilities, or other obligations of the corporation. Members shall be
indemnified by the corporation to the fullest extent permissible under
the laws of the state of Alabama.
