##ARTICLE VIII##

##Restrictions on Actions##

1\. All the assets and earnings of the Corporation shall be used
exclusively for its exempt purposes, including the payment of expenses
incidental thereto. No part of any net earnings shall inure to the
benefit of any employee of the Corporation or be distributed to its
Directors, officers, or any private person, except that the Corporation
shall be empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered
and make payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes set
forth in Article II of these bylaws.

2\. Notwithstanding any other provision of these bylaws, the Corporation
will not carry on any activities not permitted by an organization exempt
under Section 501(c)(3), Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the
corresponding provision of any future federal law, or organizations
whose contributions which are exempt under Section 170(c)(2), Internal
Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any future federal
law. The Corporation shall have no capital stock, pay no dividends,
distribute no part of its net income or assets to any Directors,
Officers, and private property of the subscribers, Directors or Officers
shall not be liable for the debts of the Corporation.

3\. Within the limits of the 501(h) section of the tax code, no
substantial part of the Corporationâ€™s activity shall be used for the
carrying on of a campaign of propaganda or otherwise attempting to
influence legislation. The Corporation shall not participate in any
political campaign, will not engage in political campaigns or interfere
with any political campaign on behalf or in opposition to any candidate
for public office.

4\. In particular, but not without limitation of the generality of the
foregoing paragraph, during such time as the Corporation may be
considered a private foundation as defined by Section 509(a), Internal
Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any future federal
law, it shall not:

A. Fail to distribute its income for each taxable year at such time and
in such manner as not to become subject to the tax on undistributed
income imposed by Section 4942, Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the
corresponding provision of any future federal law.

B. Engage in any act of self-dealing as defined in Section 4941(d),
Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any
future federal law.

C. Retain any excess business holdings as defined in Section 4943(c),
Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any
future federal law.

D. Make any investment on such manner as to subject it to tax under
Section 4944, Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding
provision of any future federal law.

E. Make any taxable expenditure as defined in Section 4945(d), Internal
Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any future federal
law.
