BYLAWS OF Mobile Makers (Exhibit B)

EIN 12-345678

*Table of Contents*

[*ARTICLE
I*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.y6z470kfjxcr)

[*Name, Office, and
Duration*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.gg4bcwrddr0)

[*ARTICLE
II*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.goh6y5qxmzjy)

[*Purpose*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.kagnsjy5dv8s)

[*ARTICLE
III*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.8tolakp5hmcf)

[*Membership*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.6nb06i7b26us)

[*ARTICLE
IV*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.h4x2itqzrfin)

[*Officers*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.qs0ib0ge53)

[*ARTICLE V
*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.8mz5u7uvn67d)

[*Board of
Directors*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.qs0ib0ge53)

[*ARTICLE
VI*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.8mz5u7uvn67d)

[*Advisory
Board*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.qs0ib0ge53)

[*ARTICLE
VII*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.b6odajeozxya)

[*Restrictions on
Actions*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.nylzgaql79gb)

[*ARTICLE
VIII*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.hm2xi8e3q4xb)

[*Contracts, Checks, Deposits and
Funds*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.rkbvwuf9b2i6)

[*ARTICLE
IX*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.mmyhdi7apuz6)

[*Dissolution*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.mkqi1926oi62)

[*ARTICLE
X*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.v9p1btm4ssog)

[*Code of
Conduct*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.vp3cqx6g1qww)

[*Statement of
Nondiscrimination*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.qp4qn3haib65)

[*Statement of Responsible
Stewardship*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.ia3wkwirtws7)

[*Statement of Responsible
Fundraising*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.s7mb6sylozrh)

[*ARTICLE
XI*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.vhxvi0ij1ccv)

[*Adoption and
Amendments*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.87nsk3jaxyt8)

[*Adoption of
Bylaws*](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LBDf_geh7gzLraaRl5FitH7s61zDSTr_ReO0YjLWRkM/edit#heading=h.r7lgudie0bl7)

**ARTICLE I**

**Name, Office, and Duration**

1\. Name. The name of this corporation is Mobile Makerspace. The business
of the corporation may be conducted as Mobile Makers or Mobile
Makerspace.

2\. Location. The principal place of business and administrative office
shall be located at

561 St Francis St

Mobile, AL 36602

3\. Change of Address. The designation of the county or state of the
corporation's principal office may be changed by the Board of Directors
by filing a 'Change of Registered Office' form with the office of the
Secretary of State. Such changes of address shall not be deemed, nor
require, an amendment of these Bylaws.

4\. Other Offices. The corporation may also have offices at such other
places where it is qualified to do business, as its business and actives
may require, and the Board of Directors may, from time to time,
designate.

5\. Duration. The Corporation shall have perpetual existence.

**ARTICLE II**

**Purpose**

1\. Purpose. The Corporation is organized exclusively for charitable,
scientific and educational purposes within the meaning of Section
501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding
provision of any future federal law. Such purposes include but are not
limited to:

\(a) Provide a place for members, students, and visitors to collaborate
on innovative ideas. We seek out creative individuals who have
innovative ideas and have a desire to make them a reality, but may not
have the time, skills, or resources to do so. These ideas can be based
on improvements to existing products, services, or processes. These
ideas may also be completely unique. 

\(b) Provide training workshops, tools, facilities, resources, and
materials designed to turn innovative ideas into reality. Our objective
is to share our ideas with each other and pool all of our skills,
knowledge, and resources so that together, we can make these ideas
become a tangible product, service, or process.

\(c) Provide opportunities to present our projects to the public.
Projects and ideas may be selected for display at existing public
events, or at events that are created and sponsored by the group or
shared with other Maker groups. 

\(d) Raise awareness of the global Maker movement and encourage others
contribute and participate. 

**ARTICLE III**

**Membership**

1\. Member Qualifications. Membership is available to anyone. In order to
be a member, a person must support the purpose and specific goals of the
organization and abide by the Mobile Makers Code of Conduct as detailed
in Article X. Failure to abide by these guidelines may result in
cancellation of membership. 

It is suggested that anyone interested in becoming a member should first
attend events and meetings as a visitor and find an existing member to
sponsor them. Potential members may join during an official meeting. The
sponsors of the new member are to help them integrate into the group.
Membership requires registration, which includes contact information.

2\. Membership dues. The amount, payment period, due date, and acceptable
methods for collecting dues shall be reviewed each year at the annual
Board of Directors meeting and set by a quorum of the directors. The
Board may accept pledges that are not monetary, such as maintaining
property, advertising the organization, and volunteering to lead
programs.

3\. Membership Rights. Any member whose dues are paid in full, is not on
probation, is not a visitor, and who has not resigned, been suspended or
has not been expelled shall be considered a member in good standing.
Only members in good standing shall be entitled to the rights and
privileges of full membership. Members in good standing shall be
entitled to one vote in all elections and special voting events as
determined by the Board of Directors. Except as expressly provided in or
authorized by the Articles of Incorporation, these Bylaws, or provisions
of law, all membership in good standing shall have the same rights,
privileges, restrictions and conditions. 

4\. Indemnification. Members shall not be personally liable for debts,
liabilities, or other obligations of the corporation. Members shall be
indemnified by the corporation to the fullest extent permissible under
the laws of the state of Alabama.

**ARTICLE IV**

**Officers**

1\. Designation of Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be the
President, Vice President, Secretary, and Treasurer, and they shall have
authority to carry out the duties prescribed in these bylaws. One person
may hold more than one office, except no person may hold the office of
President and Secretary. The Board of Directors may appoint by
resolution any number of other officers deemed necessary to conduct the
business and affairs of the corporation. The Board of Directors may
rename the position held by any officer.

2\. Election and Term. Officers of the Corporation shall be elected by
the voting representative members at the annual meeting or a special
meeting. Officers shall serve for one year or until their replacements
have been duly qualified and elected, or until that officer's death, or
until the officer shall resign, or until the officer shall have been
removed in the manner hereinafter provided.

3\. Qualifications. Any member in good standing shall be qualified to
serve as an officer of the corporation. To serve as an officer, an
individual shall be willing to make every effort to participate in all
meetings, and shall have a desire to pay it forward with what they have,
know, or have access to.

4\. Removal. At any regular or special meeting, any officer may be
removed by majority vote of a quorum of the Board of Directors for
failure to carry out the duties of the office as prescribed by these
bylaws, conduct detrimental to the Corporation, or for lack of sympathy
with the stated purpose of the Corporation. Any officer proposed to be
removed is entitled to five (5) business days notice of the meeting at
which the removal shall be considered and may address the Board of
Directors at such meeting but should remove themselves from the meeting
until after the vote.

5\. Compensation. Officers of the Corporation shall receive no
compensation for their service as officers. However, nothing in these
Bylaws shall be construed to preclude any Officer from serving the
organization in any other capacity and receiving compensation for
services rendered.

6\. Vacancy. An Officer may resign by giving written notice to any member
of the Board of Directors. Vacancies, in any office for any reason,
shall be filled a special election.

7\. Duties of Offices. The duties of all current officer positions shall
be maintained in a separate document which will be publicly available
and updated by the secretary.

** **

**ARTICLE V**

**Board of Directors**

1\. Appointment. The Board of directors shall be made up of the elected
officers.

2\. Terms. Directors shall serve a one year term that runs concurrently
with their officer term.

3\. Number. The initial number of Directors shall be three (3) and may be
increased without further amendment of these bylaws. At no time may the
number of Directors be less than three (3).

4\. Qualifications. To serve as a Director, an individual shall be an
elected officer.

5\. Powers. The Board of Directors shall have all corporate authority,
except such powers as are otherwise provided in these bylaws and the
laws of the State of Alabama, to conduct the affairs of the Corporation
in accordance with these bylaws. The Board of Directors may by general
resolution delegate to committees of their own number, or to officers of
the Corporation such powers as they deem appropriate. 

6\. Committees. The corporation shall have such committees as may from
time to time be designated by a quorum of Directors. Each committee may
adopt rules for its own government not inconsistent with these Bylaws or
with guidelines given by the Board of Directors. Each committee will
have a chairperson, appointed by the Board of Directors.

7\. Indemnification. Directors shall not be personally liable for debts,
liabilities, or other obligations of the corporation. Directors shall be
indemnified by the corporation to the fullest extent permissible under
the laws of the state of Alabama.

8\. Meetings

a\. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at the place
and time designated by the Board of Directors including phone conference
calls, monthly or annual meetings, or otherwise called by a majority of
the Board of Directors.

b\. Special Meetings. Special meetings may be called by the President of
the Corporation or a majority of the Board of Directors. Persons
authorized to call special meetings shall provide notice of the time and
location of such meetings and state the purpose thereof, and no other
matter shall be considered by the Board of Directors at such special
meeting except upon unanimous vote of all Directors present.

c.Notice and Waiver. Notice of regular meetings and special meetings
need not be in writing. Attendance at any meeting shall be considered
waiver of the notice requirement thereof.

d\. Quorum. A quorum shall consist of a majority of the Directors. If at
any meeting, less than a quorum is present, the majority may adjourn the
meeting without further notice to the absent Directors. If the meeting
is continued the quorum shall consist of the majority of present
members. In the event of a tie during a vote the item will be presented
to the general membership for a vote. 

9\. Compensation. Directors shall receive no compensation for their
service as Directors. However, nothing in these Bylaws shall be
construed to preclude any Board Member from serving the organization in
any other capacity and receiving compensation for services rendered.

**ARTICLE VI**

**Advisory Board**

1\. Appointment. Advisory board member hereafter advisors shall consist
of any person of the community that is nominated and elected by the
board of directors. .

2\. Terms. Advisors may serve until death, resignation, loss of sound
mind, or removal by the board of directors as directed by these bylaws
and the laws of the state of Alabama.

3\. Meetings. There will be no set meetings for Advisors

4\. Powers. Advisors will have no voting rights and will serve strictly
in an advisory role.

5\. Compensation. Advisors shall receive no compensation for their
service as Advisors. 

**ARTICLE**

**Elections**

1\. Voting rights

** **

**ARTICLE VII**

**Restrictions on Actions**

1\. All the assets and earnings of the Corporation shall be used
exclusively for its exempt purposes, including the payment of expenses
incidental thereto. No part of any net earnings shall inure to the
benefit of any employee of the Corporation or be distributed to its
Directors, officers, or any private person, except that the Corporation
shall be empowered to pay reasonable compensation for services rendered
and make payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes set
forth in Article II of these bylaws.

2\. Notwithstanding any other provision of these bylaws, the Corporation
will not carry on any activities not permitted by an organization exempt
under Section 501(c)(3), Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the
corresponding provision of any future federal law, or organizations
whose contributions which are exempt under Section 170(c)(2), Internal
Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any future federal
law. The Corporation shall have no capital stock, pay no dividends,
distribute no part of its net income or assets to any Directors,
Officers, and private property of the subscribers, Directors or Officers
shall not be liable for the debts of the Corporation.

3\. Within the limits of the 501(h) section of the tax code, no
substantial part of the Corporation’s activity shall be used for the
carrying on of a campaign of propaganda or otherwise attempting to
influence legislation. The Corporation shall not participate in any
political campaign, will not engage in political campaigns or interfere
with any political campaign on behalf or in opposition to any candidate
for public office. 

4\. In particular, but not without limitation of the generality of the
foregoing paragraph, during such time as the Corporation may be
considered a private foundation as defined by Section 509(a), Internal
Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any future federal
law, it shall not:

A. Fail to distribute its income for each taxable year at such time and
in such manner as not to become subject to the tax on undistributed
income imposed by Section 4942, Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the
corresponding provision of any future federal law.

B. Engage in any act of self-dealing as defined in Section 4941(d),
Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any
future federal law.

C. Retain any excess business holdings as defined in Section 4943(c),
Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any
future federal law.

D. Make any investment on such manner as to subject it to tax under
Section 4944, Internal Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding
provision of any future federal law.

E. Make any taxable expenditure as defined in Section 4945(d), Internal
Revenue Code, 1986, or the corresponding provision of any future federal
law.

**ARTICLE VIII**

**Contracts, Checks, Deposits and Funds**

1\. Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize, by general
resolution, a Director or Directors, an agent or agents, in addition to
persons authorized by these bylaws to enter into any contract on behalf
of the Corporation.

2\. Checks, Drafts and Orders of Payment. All checks, drafts, notes, or
orders of payment or other evidence of indebtedness issued in the name
of the Corporation shall be signed by the Officer or Board agent such as
the Board of Directors may from time to time designate by general
resolution of the Board of Directors.

3\. Deposits. All funds of the Corporation shall be deposited from time
to time to the credit of the Corporation in such banks, trust companies,
of other depositories as the Board of Directors may designate.

4\. Gifts. The Directors, collectively or individually, any officer or
designated agent may accept gifts, contributions, bequests, or devise of
any property on behalf of the Corporation.

5\. Loans. No Director, Officer or agent shall have the authority, on
behalf to the Corporation, to enter into a loan or any other contract of
indebtedness except by unanimous vote in a specific resolution of the
Board of Directors. The authority designated by this provision shall be
limited to a single and specific instance.

**ARTICLE IX**

**Dissolution**

Upon dissolution of the Corporation, the Board of Directors shall, after
paying or making provision for payment of all liabilities of the
Corporation, including the costs and expenses of such dissolution,
dispose of all the assets of the Corporation exclusively for the exempt
purposes of the Corporation or distributed to an organization described
in Section 501 (c)(3) or 170 (c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code, 1986
or the corresponding provisions of any future federal law, as shall be
selected by the last Board of Directors. None of the assets will be
distributed to any officer or director of the Corporation. Any such
assets so disposed of shall be disposed of by, and in the manner
designated by, the state court having jurisdiction over the matter.

**ARTICLE X**

**Code of Conduct**

*Statement of Nondiscrimination*

Notwithstanding any provision of these bylaws, the Corporation shall not
discriminate against any director, officer, employee, applicant, or
participant on the basis of sex, race, color, ethnicity or national
origin.

*Statement of Responsible Stewardship*

Notwithstanding any provision of these bylaws, the Corporation shall
manage its funds responsibly and prudently. This should include the
following considerations:

A. It spends a reasonable amount of its budget on programs in pursuance
of its mission

B. It spends an adequate amount on administrative expenses to ensure
effective management of the group and its facilities

C. It maintains an appropriate level of funds to maintain its mission
and purpose and not accumulate excessive funds.

D. It ensures that all spending policies and practices are fair,
reasonable and appropriate to fulfill the mission of the organization

E. It provides financial reports that are factually accurate and
complete in all material aspects.

*Statement of Responsible Fundraising*

Notwithstanding any provision of these bylaws, the Corporation shall be
truthful in in all solicitation materials that are made available to all
donors. The corporation will respect the privacy concerns of individual
donors and will expend all donated funds consistent with the donor’s
intent. The corporation shall disclose important and relevant
information to potential donors.

**ARTICLE XI**

**Adoption and Amendments**

The Board of Directors shall have the power to amend, alter, make and
repeal the bylaws of the Corporation by majority vote.

*Adoption of Bylaws*

Adopted by the Board of Directors by resolution and vote of all
directors on the date below:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\[Date\]

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Ricky
E. Green, Jr, Signature

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\[Date\]

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Josh
Rhodes, Signature

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
\[Date\]

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Brian
Wright, Signature
